國立中央大學學生逕修讀博士學位申請表
Application Form for Skipping Master’s Program Directly to a PhD Program
學生個人資料及申請逕修讀博士學位資料Student Information
姓名Name
學號Student ID
年級Grade



目前就讀系(所、組、專班、學位學程)名稱
The Department (Institute, Division, In-service Program, Degree Program) that You Are Currently Studying at
目前修讀學位
The Degree that the Applicant Is Currently Pursuing
 
□學士Bachelor’s Degree
□碩士Master’s Degree
□碩士在職專班 In-service Master’s Degree
申請逕修讀博士學位系(所、組、專班、學位學程)名稱The Department (Institute, Division, In-service Program, Degree Program) to which You Intend to Apply for a PhD Program
申請就讀身份
Student Status after the Application

□一般生Ordinary Student
□在職生In-service Student
逕修讀博士學位學年學期別
The Semester and the Academic Year wherein You intend to Initiate Your PhD Program
聯絡電話
Phone Number
__________學年度Academic Year
__________學期 Semester

學生應檢附資料Documents Required:
	1.	逕修讀博士學位申請表。
NCU Application Form for Skipping Master’s Program Directly to a PhD Program
	1.	最近一個月內申請之歷年成績單一份（碩士班學生修畢碩士班應修科目至少十六學分）。
A copy of transcript of all academic years; the issuance date of the copy should be within one month before the application (At least 16 required credits for the applicant’s master’s program should be completed.)
	1.	助理教授以上推薦書至少二份。
At least two recommendation letters from assistant professors or professors
	1.	研究計畫一份。
A research plan
	1.	其他各系(所、組、專班、學位學程)規定之文件。
Other documents required by the departments (institutes, divisions, in-service programs, degree programs) involved
	1.	在職進修同意書（以在職生身份申請者）。
A letter of authorization for in-service study (For in-service applicant)                                                            
申請人(請親自簽名) Signature
申請日期Date of Application

       年yyyy      月mm      日dd
目前就讀系所核章
Seals from the Department/Institute that the Applicant Is Currently Studying at
逕修讀博士學位系所核章
Seals from the Department/Institute that the Applicant Is Applying for a PhD Program to
系所經辦
Clerk at the Department/Institute
系(中心)主任/所長
Chairperson
系所經辦
Clerk at the Department/Institute
系(中心)主任/所長
Chairperson




簽核流程：目前就讀系所承辦人員→目前就讀系所主管→逕修讀博士學位系所承辦人員→逕修讀博士學位系所主管
Procedures: clerk at the department/institute that the applicant is currently studying at → chairperson of the department/institute that the applicant is currently studying at → clerk at the department/institute that the applicant is applying for a PhD program to → chairperson of the department/institute that the applicant is applying for a PhD program to

說明Instructions:
※碩士班學生符合下列規定者，得於各系(所、專班、學位學程)規定申請日期內，向各系(所、專班、學位學程)提出逕修讀博士學位之申請：
Graduated students who meet the following requirements can apply for skipping master’s program directly to a PhD program during the period of time designated by each department (institute, in-service program, and degree program) for the application.
	1.	修業二學期以上(含申請當學期)碩士班研究生(含在職生及在職專班學生)。
Graduate students (including in-service ones) who have completed at least two semesters of study in their master’s program (including the semester wherein they apply for skipping master’s program directly to a PhD program)
	1.	修畢碩士班應修科目至少十六學分（申請當學期已選定之課程學分可先暫行算入）。
At least 16 required credits for the applicant’s master’s program should be completed. (The courses taken in the semester wherein the applicant files this application can be temporarily included.)
	1.	符合各系所規定之成績優異標準。
Students whose grades meet the standard of academic excellence required by each department/institute.

※學士班學生符合下列規定者，得於各系(所、專班、學位學程)規定申請日期內，向各系(所、專班、學位學程)提出逕修讀博士學位之申請
Undergraduates who meet the following requirements can apply for skipping master’s program directly to a PhD program during the period of time designated by each department (institute, in-service program, and degree program) for the application:
	1.	學士班應屆畢業生(含申請提前畢業學生)。
Applicant must be the graduating students of the year (including students who apply for early graduation). 
	1.	符合各系所規定之成績優異標準。
Students whose grades meet the standard of academic excellence required by each department/institute.
1110523
