國立中央大學學生休退學及研究生畢業離校退費程序單
Procedure Form for a Refund of Tuition and Incidental Fees When Applying for Leaving School
學生姓名
Name

學號
Student ID No.

系所
Department/Institute

身分證字號
ID/ARC No.

聯絡電話
Phone Number

退費原因
Reason for the Refund
	▫	新生放棄 Giving up being enrolled as a new student
	▫	休學 Suspension of schooling 
	▫	退學 Dropping out of school
	▫	畢業 Graduation
辦理住宿費退費另洽住宿服務組
Please contact the Division of Dormitory Service for the refund of dormitory fees.
退費方式
Ways to Refund the Applicant
＊出納組將依您勾選的方式辦理退費，如有疑問請洽出納組。
The Division of Cashier will refund you through one of the following ways ticked by you. Please contact the Division of Cashier if you have any question.
＊檢附文件 Documents Required:
	1.	繳費收據或轉帳收據The receipt of payment, or the receipt of inter-bank transfer
	2.	選擇匯款退費者另附存摺封面影本 A copy of the applicant’s bankbook front cover should be submitted if the applicant chooses to be refunded by remittance.
	▫	開立支票掛號郵寄 Send the check by registered mail.
    地址：Address:                                                            
	▫	匯款至郵局帳戶(限本人帳戶) Remit the refund to my Post Office account. (The owner of this account shall be the applicant applying for the refund of tuition.)
局號
Branch No.







帳號
Account No.







	▫	匯款至銀行帳戶(限本人帳戶) Remit the refund to my bank account. (The owner of this account shall be the applicant applying for the refund of tuition.)
本人退費匯入以下銀行帳號，且同意匯費由退費款項中扣除。
I hereby agree that the refund will be remitted to the following bank account, and I agree that the charge for remittance shall be deducted from the refund.
	                                                                                 銀行Bank:　　            　  分行Branch: 　　          　    
帳號 Account Number:                                          
簽名Signature:                         　      　　   　 

審核 Verification
退費標準
Refund Standard
	▫	扣除行政手續費(百分之五) Administration Fee Deduction (5%)
	▫	全額退費 A Full Refund of Paid Tuition and Incidental Fees
	▫	退還三分之二 A Refund of Two-thirds of Paid Tuition and Incidental Fees
	▫	退還三分之一 A Refund of One-third of Paid Tuition and Incidental Fees
覆核 Review

核准
Ratification

註冊組經辦
Division of Registrar
註冊組組長(或授權人)
Chief of the Division of Registrar(or Deputy)
 


1121006
