國立中央大學學生更改個人資料申請表
NCU Application Form for Changing Personal Information
學生姓名
Name

(更改姓名者請填原姓名)
學號
Student ID No.

系所
Department/Institute

年級
Grade

更改項目
Items to Be Changed
	▫	姓名
Name
1.檢附戶籍謄本(現戶個人記事) A copy of your household certificate is required.
2.在校生：For current students:
	(1)	檢附學生證Your student ID card is required.
	(2)	新證類別Please choose a type of new student ID card.
□悠遊卡學生證工本費NT$200元整
Student ID card with EasyCard functions: 200 NT dollars
□ Mifare學生證(不具悠遊卡功能)工本費NT$100元整 Mifare Student ID Card (without EasyCard functions): 100 NT dollars
3.畢業生：For graduates:  
□檢附中文學位證書正本
The original copy of your Chinese diploma is required.
□英文畢業證書若需更改姓名，可申請補發英文學位證明書(參看說明2)
For changing your name on your English diploma, please apply for reissuing the English diploma (please refer to Instruction No. 2).
	▫	出生日期
Date of Birth
1.檢附戶籍謄本(現戶個人記事) A copy of your household certificate is required.
2.畢業生: For graduates:
□檢附中文學位證書正本
The original copy of your Chinese diploma is required.
□英文畢業證書若需更改出生日期，可申請補發英文學位證明書(參看說明2)
  For changing your date of birth on your English diploma, please apply for reissuing the English diploma (please refer to Instruction No. 2).
	▫	身分證字號
ID No.
1.檢附戶籍謄本(現戶個人記事)或居留證影本A copy of your household certificate or a copy of your ARC card is required.
2.民國101年3月前畢業生檢附中文學位證書正本For students who graduated by March 2012, the original copy of your Chinese diploma is required.
	▫	戶籍地址
Permanent Address
1.限在校生For current students only
2.檢附身分證影本A copy of your ID/ARC card (front and back sides) is required.
3.通訊地址為本校與學生書信暨公文往來之聯絡地址，如有更改，請務必至學籍系統更新。The permanent address is the contact address for students to receive official documents from NCU. If there is a change of address, please update it at NCU Portal.
	▫	其他
Others
請敘明更改項目並檢附相關證明文件： Please specify the items to be changed and attach the relevant documentation:
變更前Before Alteration

變更後After Alteration

申請人簽章
Applicant’s Signature

領取人簽章
Receiver’s Signature


□原有學生證換發新卡Receiving a reissued new student ID card
□領回中文學位證書正本Receiving the original copy of the Chinese diploma
更改姓名者繳費
Payment (for the application for a name change)
註冊組經辦
Register Division
註冊組組長(或授權人)
Chief of the Register Division (or Deputy) 
更改姓名者後會課務組
Curriculum Division 
(for the application for a name change)



		僅研究所在學生須辦理
For current postgraduates only

簽核順序：註冊組經辦→註冊組組長(或授權人) 
Procedures: Register Division→ Chief of the Register Division (or Deputy)
說明：
	1.	依據學則第六十九條規定辦理。
	2.	英文畢業證書若需更改姓名或出生日期，可申請補發英文學位證明書，請至教務處網頁下載2-07 成績/證（明）書申請，需另付工本費100元。
Instructions:
	1.	The procedure was established per Article 69 of NCU Study Regulations.
	2.	1130918
