放棄雙主修、輔系、第二專長及學分學程資格申請書
Application for Abandoning the Qualification for a Double Major, a Minor, a Second Specialty, or a Credit Program
	1、	申請人可以填寫本申請書聲明放棄，亦可於系上畢業審查核定表上簽名放棄。
An applicant may fill out this application form to claim abandonment of his or her qualification for a double major, a minor, a second specialty, or a credit program, or declare the abandonment on the Form of Graduation Qualification Review with his or her signature attached.
	1、	申請人請親自填寫本申請書，送請加修學程核章後，逕送教務處註冊組辦理。
The applicant should fill out this form in person, deliver the form to relevant programs and departments for review, and submit the form to the Division of Registrar to complete the procedure.
	1、	本申請書送交註冊組完成手續後，不得以任何理由要求恢復資格。
Once the procedure for the abandonment of qualification is completed, the applicant is not allowed to reclaim the qualification under any circumstances.
申請人填寫欄 Applicant’s Info
系  所
Department/Institute

學  號
Student ID No. 

年  級
Grade

姓  名
Name

聯絡電話
Phone No.

申請放棄日期
Date of Application for Abandonment
       年     月      日
year   month    date
放棄學程名稱
The Program to be Abandoned
□雙主修Double major                  □輔系Minor
□第二專長Second specialty              □學分學程Credit program
名稱Department/Institute:                  組別Division:
放棄原因
Reasons for the Abandonment


加修學系/單位審核欄 Review of the Department/Institute
雙主修
Double Major
 □同意申請人放棄本系雙主修。We approve the application for abandoning a double major.
 □不同意。We disapprove. 
該生修習及格之科目與學分是否已達輔系規定？（請勾選下列一項）
Does the applicant meet the course and credit requirements for completing a minor? Please check one of the following items.
 □已達輔系規定，同意給予輔系資格。The applicant did meet the requirements for completing a minor  and we agree that he or she is qualified for the completion of the minor.
□本學期可修畢輔系規定科目學分。若本學期應修習之輔系科目成績均及格，則同意給予輔系資格。The applicant will complete all subjects required for completing a minor in this semester. We agree that the applicant can be qualified for the completion of the minor if he or she passes in all subjects of the minor by the end of this semester.
 □未達輔系規定。The applicant does not meet the course and credit requirements for completing a minor.
輔系
Minor
 □同意申請人放棄本輔系。 We approve the application for abandoning the qualification for the minor.
 □不同意。 We disapprove  the application for abandoning the qualification for the minor.
第二專長
Second Specialty
 □同意申請人放棄本第二專長。 We approve the application for abandoning the qualification for the second specialty.
 □不同意。We disapprove the application for abandoning the qualification for the second specialty.
學分學程
Credit Program
 □同意申請人放棄本專業學程。 We approve the application for abandoning the qualification for the credit program
 □不同意。We disapprove the application for abandoning the qualification for the credit program

加修學系/學程經辦
Department Clerk(of the department/institute of the double major, minor, second specialty, or credit program)
加修學系/學程主管
Director (of the department/institute of the double major, minor, second specialty, or credit program)
註冊組
Division of Registrar



1130520

