國立中央大學更改學生成績提案申請書
Request for Changing Students’ Grades
授  課  教  師  資  料Instructor’s Information
老師姓名Instructor’s Name
所屬單位Department/Institution
連絡電話Phone No.



開  課  資  料Course Information
學期別
Semester of the Course
開課單位
The Unit that Provided the Course
課號
Course No.
科目名稱
Course Title
  學年度第   學期
1st/2nd semester in Academic Year _____



更 改 學 生 成 績 資 料（更改多人得另附文件表列）
Information of the Student Whose Grade is to be Changed (If more than three students’ grades are to be changed, a list of their information should be attached.)
系級Department
學號Student ID No.
姓名Name
原成績Previous Grade
更改成績New Grade















更改成績原因Reason for the Change
需附之相關文件Required Documents
□轉謄錄登記錯誤
Typo
1. 成績登記原始憑證 The original grading record
2. 成績計算方式（百分比）Grading calculations (percentages)
□計算錯誤
Calculation Error
1. 成績登記原始憑證 The original grading record
2. 成績計算方式（百分比）Grading calculations (percentages).
□考試成績漏計
Omitted exam score
1. 成績登記原始憑證 The original grading record
2. 成績計算方式（百分比）Grading calculations (percentages)
3. 試卷影本A copy of the exam paper.
□報告成績漏計
Omitted assignment score
1. 成績登記原始憑證 The original grading record
2. 成績計算方式（百分比）Grading calculations (percentages)
3. 報告或作業The report or assignment
4. 以E-mail繳交報告作業者需附檔案資料及傳送記錄An electronic file of the report or assignment and its transmission record should be provided if the report or assignment is submitted via E-mail. 
□其他原因
Other Reason:                       (依情況繳交相關文件) (Submit relevant documents if need be.)
開課單位審查Verification from the Unit that Provided the Course
	▫	未改變及格狀態者（經開課單位主管簽核後，於次學期開學後一週前提送教務處）。
The status of a pass or a fail remains unchanged. (After the head of the unit that provided the course has verified the change and has signed below, this request should be submitted to the Office of Academic Affairs within one week after the next semester begins.)
	▫	改變及格狀態者（送交開課單位主管召開系（所、學位學程、專班）務會議或課程委員會討論，會議審查後，連同會議紀錄及相關證明文件，於次學期開學後一週前提送教務處）。
The status of a pass or a fail is changed. (After this request has been discussed and reviewed by the meeting of department (institute / degree program / in-service training program) affairs or the meeting of curriculum committee convened by the head of the unit that provided the course, this request should be submitted along with meeting minutes and relevant documentation to the Office of Academic Affairs within one week after the next semester begins.)
授課老師
Instructor
開課單位經辦
Secretary at the Unit that Provided the Course
開課單位二級主管Middle-Level Supervisor of the Unit that Provided the Course
開課單位一級主管
Head of the Unit that Provided the Course




註冊組經辦
Clerk at the Division of Registrar
註冊組組長
Chief of the Division of Registrar
教務長
Dean of Academic Affairs



1090122
