國立中央大學學生轉系(所)申請表
NCU Application Form for Department/Institute Transfer
學號
Student ID No.

姓名
Name

身分別
Identity
□本地生 Local student
□陸生 Mainland Chinese student
□離島地區保送Student admitted via recommendation 
□其他: Others:
原就讀系(所)
Original Department

組別
Group

年級
Grade

申請轉入系(所)
Target Department

組別
Group

年級
Grade
□平轉Same grade
□降轉Lower grade
□2年級Sophomore year 
□3年級Junior year
□4年級Senior year
轉系理由
Reasons

降轉注意事項：
降轉學生須完成轉入學系（組、學位學程）年級所規定之修課及畢業條件，方得畢業。
Matters Needing Attention on Transferring to a Lower Grade
Students transferring to a lower grade are required to meet the graduation criteria of the target department in order to graduate.
申請人
Applicant
E-mail

連絡電話
Telephone No.

家長(研究生免)：
Parent’s Signature(not applicable to postgraduate students)
            年      月      日（簽章）
               Year   Month   Day (signature/seal)
學生：
Student’s Signature
年      月      日（簽章）     
             Year   Month   Day (signature/seal)
簽准單位Countersignature Units
轉出學系(所)
Original Department/Institute
轉入學系(所)
Target Department/Institute
導師/指導老師
Advisor
系主任/所長Chairperson
系主任/所長
Chairperson
研究生轉入學系(所)依﹍﹍﹍﹍﹍﹍﹍﹍﹍會議決議申請轉入學生之修業年限、資格考要求規定、論文撰寫要求、學分抵免原則等相關規定之認定標準及決議如會議紀錄：
The target department/institute that the postgraduate student is applying for transferring to has convened the meeting of ______________. The meeting has resolved on the recognition standards of relevant regulations, including the applicant's duration of study period, the regulations of the requirements for the applicant's qualification examination, the applicant’s thesis requirements, and the principles to handle the applicant's credit transfer/exemption, as shown in the meeting minute:


 
註冊組經辦
Division of Registrar
註冊組組長
Chief of the Division of Registrar


簽核順序：轉出學系導師/指導老師→轉出學系系主任→轉入學系系主任→註冊組經辦→註冊組組長
Procedures and Instructions: Advisor →The chairperson of the original department/institute → the chairperson of the target department/institute → Division of Registrar
1.申請期限：每年依本校行事曆規定期限內，向註冊組提出申請，逾期不予受理。
The time limit of application: Application should be submitted to the Division of Registrar during the appointed period according to the school calendar. Overdue application will not be accepted.
2.檢附文件: Documents Required:
	(1)	歷年成績單正本乙份。An original copy of the transcript of all academic years.
	(2)	系所規定文件Documents required by the original department and the target department.
3.大學部轉系注意事項Regulation for Undergraduates:
	(1)	第二學年開始前，得申請轉入各學系二年級肄業。Students can transfer into any department to be sophomores before their second    academic year begins.
	(2)	第三學年開始前，得申請轉入性質相近學系三年級，或性質不同學系二年級肄業。Students can transfer to a department in a field similar to the field of their original department to be a junior, or to a department in a field dissimilar to the field of their original department to be a sophomore before their third academic year begins.
	(3)	於第四學年開始前申請者，得轉入性質相近學系四年級或性質不同學系二年級或三年級肄業。Students can transfer to a department in a field similar to the field of their original department to be a senior, or to a department in a field dissimilar to the field of their original department to be a sophomore or a junior before their fourth academic year begins.
	(4)	如自願降級轉系者應在申請表內註明降轉意願，但不得降轉至一年級肄業。Students who agree to transfer to a lower grade should mark their agreement on the application form. Transferring to the first grade is not allowed.
	(5)	每人以申請轉入乙系為限，不得轉到第二系。Students are only allowed to transfer once, a second transfer is not permitted.
	(6)	1131126
