國立中央大學研究所博士學位考試評定報告單
PhD Degree  Examination Report
學年度Academic Year
學位考試成績 Grade


成績評分請四捨五入到小數點第二位，若有塗改應由學位考試召集人簽章
Please round off the grade to two decimal places. If the grade is altered, the convener of the degree examination should sign near it.

學期別Semester:
系所組別Department/Institute:
學號Student ID No.:
學生姓名Student’s Name:

學位考試成績 Grade


成績評分請四捨五入到小數點第二位，若有塗改應由學位考試召集人簽章
Please round off the grade to two decimal places. If the grade is altered, the convener of the degree examination should sign near it.
論文題目Thesis/Dissertation Title:
※本論文之題目及內容契合系所屬性與系所專業研究領域
   The title and content of the thesis fit the attributes and professional fields of the department/institute.
考試委員簽章Committee Member’s Signature (委員應與學位考試申請表相符)
學位考試委員審議認定論文公開選項如下列：
Options for committee members to decide on whether the thesis/dissertation should be made public:
□立即公開 Make it accessible to the public immediately.   
□延後公開 Defer the public access. (國家圖書館延後公開申請書須指導教授及學位考試委員簽名The National Central Library's "Application for Embargo of Thesis/Dissertation" must bear the signatures of the thesis advisor and the degree examination committee members)









學位考試文件複核 Review of the Documents Pertaining to the Degree Examination
公文傳遞至註冊組前請確認以下文件：（請勾選）
Please check whether the following documents are ready before you send them to the Division 
of Registrar (please tick the boxes):
	1.	學位考試申請表正本     □ 繳交
The Original Copy of the Application Form for Degree Examination □ Attached  
	1.	學位考試評定報告單正本 □ 繳交
The Original Copy of the Examination Report　 □ Attached
	1.	論文口試委員審定書影本 □ 繳交  □ 離校時補繳
A Copy of the Verification Letter from the Oral Examination Committee. 
   □ Attached  □ I will submit this document when I go through the school-leaving process.
系所戳章
Seal of the Department/Institute

注意事項： 
1. 學位考試成績評定報告單與論文封面之論文題目必須一致。 
2. 學位考試成績評定報告單之論文題目若有修改須指導老師簽章。 
3. 請將口試評分條確實貼妥於學位考試成績評定報告單背面。
Notice:
	1.	The thesis/dissertation title on this form should be identical to that on the hard copy of your thesis/dissertation.
	2.	If the thesis/dissertation title on this form is to be modified, the supervisor should sign near the modified title.
	3.	The Oral Defense Grade Notes should be tightly pasted to the back of this form.
1140915
