國立中央大學學生修讀雙主修、輔系及學分學程申請表
NCU Application Form for Double Majors, Minors, and Non-degree Programs
詳細規定及應修課程請參看申請當年度教務章則。Please consult this year’s regulations of academic affairs for details
申請日期Date：____年year____月month____日day
學號Student ID No.
姓名Name
系所Department/Institute
年級Class
電話Phone No.
申請學年度Applicable Academic year:
本人已詳讀學則上有關雙主修、輔系或學分學程之相關辦法，並願確實遵守申請學年度教務章則所規定之修課要求及其他相關規範。I have already read the regulations concerning double majors, minors, and Non-degree Programs stipulated in University Regulations and I am willing to comply with the regulations concerning course requirements and other related regulations stipulated in the Principles of Academic Affairs revised in the particular academic year wherein my application takes effect.
申請修讀
Application Categories
□雙主修Double major   □輔系Minor    □學分學程Non-degree Program


名稱Title:                             組別Division:                     
檢附文件：系所規定文件(例如成績單、名次證明等...各系所另有規定者，從其規定) 
Enclosures: Documentations required by the department/institute (including transcripts or certificates of class ranking). Except as otherwise provided by the department/institute, those regulations shall prevail in accordance with applicable regulations.
主修學系初審
Preliminary review of the applicant’s original department 
加修學系（學程）初審
Preliminary review of the target department (or the department/institute that offers the target program)
指導教授
Thesis Advisor
系所經辦
Department Clerk
系主任/所長
Chairperson
系所經辦
Department Clerk
系主任/所長
Chairperson
僅研究生申請輔系雙主修須簽章




審核意見（加修學系系主任/所長填寫）Comment（for chairperson or the target department/institute）
     □准予修讀Application Approved   □不准修讀Application Declined    意見Comment:
教務處複審
Secondary review of the Office of Academic Affairs
註冊組
Division of Registrar

簽核順序:
指導教授→主修學系系所經辦→主修學系系主任/所長→加修學系（學程）系所經辦→加修學系（學程）系主任/所長→註冊組
Ratification Procedure: Thesis Advisor→ clerk at the applicant’s original department/institute → chairperson of the applicant’s original department/institute → clerk at the target department/institute (or the department/institute that offers the target program) → chairperson of the target department/institute (or the department/institute that offers the target program) → Division of Registrar 
◇學生請妥善保存◇
Please preserve this sheet properly.

回覆聯Reply Sheet
學生填寫Items to be filled in by students
學號Student ID No.
姓名Name
系所Department/Institute
申請學年度Applicable Academic Year
	▫	雙主修Double Major    □輔系Minor      □學分學程Non-degree Program
名稱Title:                            組別Division:
教務處填寫 Items to be filled in by the Office of Academic Affairs
審核情形Result:
	▫	通過Passed (應修課程請參看申請當年度教務章則。Please consult the Principles of Academic Affairs of the applicable academic year for the information of course requirements.)
	▫	未通過Not Passed (理由Reason:          )教務處註冊組核章Seal of Verification of the Division of Registrar:
回覆日期Date of Reply:    年Year    月Month    日Date
1130301
