申請【電子版】學籍成績證明文件注意事項
Notes for Applying for Electronic Academic Documentation
本校【電子版】學籍成績證明文件係與臺灣網路認證公司(TWCA)合作，僅以PDF格式呈現，若檔案列印紙本，則會出現「Copy of Official Document」字樣。
NCU's electronic academic transcripts and documentation are provided in collaboration with Taiwan-CA INC. (TWCA) and are only available in PDF format. If the file is printed, the words "Copy of Official Document" will appear on the printout.
【電子版】學籍成績證明文件寄送方式僅提供以校方公務電子信箱(ncu7121@ncu.edu.tw或ncu57113@ncu.edu.tw)發送經電子簽章簽署之文件下載網址（下載期限30天）。請確認收件單位可接受此一遞送方式再行申請。
若否，建議改申請 紙本成績單+彌封費，並以郵寄遞送方式辦理，以保障您的權益。
The electronic academic transcripts and documentation with an electronic signature are sent exclusively via a document download link (valid for 30 days) delivered through NCU's official email (from ncu7121@ncu.edu.tw or ncu57113@ncu.edu.tw). Please confirm that the recipient can accept this delivery method before applying. If not, it is recommended to request a paper transcript sealed in an envelope (a seal fee is required) delivered by post to ensure your rights are protected.
【電子版】學籍成績證明文件建議已畢業之校友申請。請至校友服務系統申請。
在校生(含成績未到齊之學生)及與當學期應屆畢業生，因成績尚未最終確認與成績更改可能性，建議申請紙本成績單。【電子版】學籍成績證明文件經申請、入帳後製發，如因成績不全難以適用，由申請人自行負責，請重新繳費申請。
It is advised that electronic academic transcripts and documentation be requested by alumni who have already graduated. Please visit the Alumni System for alumni's application. Current students (including those whose grades are not yet complete) and recent graduates who have not yet received their diplomas are advised to request paper transcripts, as their academic records may not be finalized. Once an electronic academic transcript or documentation is requested, it will be processed and issued after relevant fees are received by NCU. The applicant is responsible for any issues arising from incomplete grades, and a new application will need to be submitted.
【電子版】學籍成績證明文件申請流程
Application Process for Electronic Academic Documentation
即日起開放 在校生 透過email申請【電子版】學籍成績證明文件暨ATM繳款，作業流程如下： 
In addition to alumni, services of email application and ATM transfer payment for electronic academic documentation are now available for NCU current students. The application procedure is listed as follows:
請您填妥申請表2-07-3 PDF檔，申請表不須印出紙本填寫，請於填畢後email回傳至ncu57113@ncu.edu.tw，Email標題為「申請日期+電子-中文姓名」，例如20240611電子版-王小明。
Please fill out Application Form 2-07-3 in PDF format. Printing the form is NOT necessary; please fill it out electronically and email it back to ncu57113@ncu.edu.tw. The email subject should be "Application Date + Electronic - English Name", for example, "20240611 Electronic – Michael Lee".
申請人若非學生本人(委託代辦人申請)，須另外檢附「委託書」並確實經委託人(學生)授權向國立中央大學教務處註冊組代為辦理/領取下列相關程序與文件。 
If the applicant cannot apply in person (and would authorize a proxy), please attach the “Letter of Authorization” and ensure that the proxy is indeed authorized by the applicant to deal with the application procedure and to receive documents from the Registration Division at NCU.
註冊組收到email申請後，會依您所申請的文件内容計算工本費，並會在2個工作天內以email通知您繳款帳號與應繳金額。 
After receiving your application via email, the Registration Division will calculate the costs and processing fees based on the requested documents. You will receive an email notification within 2 business days with the payment instructions and the amount due.
待您完成繳費後，會儘速為您寄出文件。【電子版】學籍成績證明文件工作天數3~10個工作天。 
Upon completion of your payment, we will promptly sent you the requested documents. Please note that the processing of electronic academic transcripts and documentation may take 3 to 10 business days.
繳費方式為ATM/網銀/行動銀行 轉帳。提醒您，繳費可能需支付金融機構作業手續費。 
Transfer via an ATM, online Bank, or mobile bank is the recommended payment method. There may be an extra fee charged by the financial institution that processes the transfer.
★若有任何疑問可來電或Email洽詢本組承辦人員，謝謝！
★For any further inquiry, please contact staff members at the Registration Division by phone or email. We appreciate your kind cooperation.
☆聯絡方式：教務處註冊組/320317桃園市中壢區中大路300號/03-4227151＃57126~57129/ncu7121@ncu.edu.tw or ncu57113@ncu.edu.tw
☆Contact: Registration Division / No. 300, Zhongda Rd., Zhongli District, Taoyuan City 320317, Taiwan (R.O.C.) /
  03-4227151＃57126~57129 / ncu7121@ncu.edu.tw or ncu57113@ncu.edu.tw

國立中央大學學生【電子版】學籍成績證明文件申請表
NCU Application Form for Official Electronic Academic Documentation
20240627