
國立中央大學送存國家圖書館紙本論文延後公開說明書
Statement for Deferred Public Access of Printed Thesis Deposited in the National Central Library
姓名
Name

學年
Academic Year

學期
Semester

學號
Student ID No.

系所
Department/Institute
 
電話
Phone Number

依教育部107年12月5日臺教高(二)字第1070210758號函及109年3月13日臺教高通字第1090027810號函，請據實填寫論文延後公開申請書並檢附由學校認定或審議單位認定之證明文件，經由學校向國家圖書館提出申請，無認定或審議單位章戳者退回處理。
Per Official Letter No. 1070210758 of the Division of Educational Quality and Development in the Department of Higher Education (DHE) at the Ministry of Education (MOE) issued on Dec. 5, 2018, and Official Letter No. 1090027810 (General) of the DHE at the MOE issued on Mar. 13, 2010, please fill out the Application for Embargo of Thesis/Dissertation according to facts and attach the documentation acknowledged by your university or a review institute to this statement. Submit the application to your university, and the university will submit it to the National Central Library. An application form without the seal of an institute that has conducted a review will be directly returned to the applicant.  

請詳細述明論文需延後公開的理由。Please describe in detail the reason why you need to defer the public access to your thesis/dissertation.

延後公開理由不可以寫投稿 The reason for postponing the release of a thesis cannot be stated as ‘submission for publication.’
簽章Signature & Seal
學生簽章
Student’s Signature/Seal
指導教授簽章
Advisor’s Signature/Seal
系所章戳
Department/Institute’s Seal



相關條文Related Rules
	1.	學位授予法第16條 Article 16 of the Degree Conferral Act
取得博士、碩士學位者，應將其取得學位之論文、書面報告、技術報告或專業實務報告，經由學校以文件、錄影帶、錄音帶、光碟或其他方式，連同電子檔送國家圖書館及所屬學校圖書館保存之。
國家圖書館保存之博士、碩士論文、書面報告、技術報告或專業實務報告，應提供公眾於館內閱覽紙本，或透過獨立設備讀取電子資料檔；經依著作權法規定授權，得為重製、透過網路於館內或館外公開傳輸，或其他涉及著作權之行為。但涉及機密、專利事項或依法不得提供，並經學校認定者，得不予提供或於一定期間內不為提供。
A person who obtains a doctoral or master’s degree shall give their university a copy of the thesis or dissertation, written report, technical report, or professional practice report which they submitted for the degree to send to the National Central Library and the university’s library for storage, as a document, videotape, cassette, disc or in some other form, and they shall also provide an electronic file version. A copy of the dissertation, thesis, written report, technical report, or professional practice report stored by the National Central Library shall be made available to the public to read within the library in print form or by accessing electronic data files using independent equipment. If authority has been given in accordance with the provisions of the Copyright Act, such stored items may be reproduced, publicly transmitted inside or outside the library using a network, or handled or used in other ways that are subject to copyright. If, however, the content involves confidential information, patent matters, or is not permitted to be provided on statutory grounds, and this has been confirmed by the university, the person is permitted not to provide a copy or public access to the material in question will be placed under embargo for a certain period.
	1.	國立中央大學研究生畢業論文格式條例 National Central University Thesis Format Regulations
註冊組代收之紙本論文，將送存國家圖書館， 如需延後公開者，須裝訂延後公開申請書，檢附之證明文件請夾附於論文。
檢附證明文件說明如下列:
		涉及機密：相關證明文件，或填寫本說明書。
		專利事項：申請表填妥專利案號即可，若正在專利申請審核中，或有新技術發表先後之疑慮者，應填寫本說明書。
		依法不得提供：須提出適用法規或具體事實證據。
Theses and dissertations in printed form collected by the Registrar Division will be sent to the National Central Library to be archived. If you need to defer the public access to your thesis or dissertation, you should bind the National Central Library’s Application for Embargo on Thesis/Dissertation and your thesis/dissertation together, and then insert this application into the bound thesis/dissertation along with related documentation (do not bind this application and your thesis together).
The instructions on the related documentation are as follows:
		Confidential matters: Please attach relevant documentation or fill out this statement.
		Patent matters: The patent application number must be entered in the application form. If the patent is still under review or there are concerns regarding the timing of a new
technology release, this statement must be completed.
		Prohibited by law: The applicable regulations or concrete supporting evidence must be provided.
1140902
